Software Engineering Profession
-------------------------------
(not covered)

Requirements
------------

Q1. Are Requirement documents necessary for projects?	
A1. Yes, requirement documents describe what a particular software does or shall do. It is produced and consumed by everyone involved in the production of software. (Andrew L.) 

Q2. Are Requirement documents necessary for projects?
A2.

Q3. What is the difference between functional and non-functional requirements? - Jonathan W.
A3. 	Functional requirements are discrete (Either the feature is present or it's not). (Paul B.)

Q4. Name and describe the 3 types of requirements (John Donich)
A4.(John Donich) 
	1. Functional Requirements - the primary features of the app, 
	2. Non-functional requirements - things like suability, and quality requirements, 
	3.and constraints - the basic parameters of the project like the type of solution used or specific time frames for completion.


Q5. Are Requirement documents necessary for projects?	
A5. Yes, requirement documents describe what a particular software does or shall do. It is produced and consumed by everyone involved in the production of software. (Andrew L.) 

Q6. Are Requirement documents necessary for projects?
A6. Yes (Rob Williams)

Q7. What is the difference between functional and non-functional requirements? - Jonathan W.
A7. 	Functional requirements are discrete (Either the feature is present or it's not). (Paul B.)
	Non-Functional requirements are continuous - present to some degree (scalable) ie. Ease of Use: Less <-|-|-> More (Paul B.)


Project Management
------------------
Q1. All tasks on the critical path must have non-zero free slack and non-zero total slack. (Eddie B.)
A1. Yes (Jinal)
A1. True (Andrew B.)


Q2. What, if anything, is wrong with reporting the status of a user story or milestone as "kind of done"?
A1. It's ambiguous. - Aaron H.
A2. Nothing.  - Aaron H.

Q3. What are four variables of a Project? (Jinal)
A3. Scope, Time, Resources, and Quality (Rob Williams)

Project Planning
-----------------
Q1. Why is it important to have project planning in every project? - Andrew L.

Q2. Describe effort and duration. (Jinal)
A.Duration is amount of calendar time or clock time required to finish the task. (Jinal)
	Effort is amount of labor required to finish the task. (Jinal)

Working in Teams
----------------
Q1. Give several examples of ground rules for a team. (Eddie)
A1. Practice mutual respect ever day. Meetings will start and end on time. Honesty before cohesiveness.

Q2. What are some range of responses to a conflict
A2. Do nothing. Private Conversation between affected members. Professional Airing of grievances. ---(Lukman B.)

Q3. Name three characteristics of a highly functional team. --(Lukman B.)
A3. Healthy relationships. Efficient and Effective. Energizing. Unity, Trust and Shared Purpose.----(Lukman B.)

Q4. Describe how conflict might be beneficial to a project. (John Donich)
A4. (John Donich)
Healthy conflict requires you to understand the motivations and outcomes of your stated project better because you have to defend your ideas. 
It also brings out the weaknesses in your planning as those who oppose the plan are more likely to see flaws and thus you can address those issues.

Q5. What are the reasons that make developers "Going Dark"?

Q6. What are the four stages of team development? - Jonathan W.
A6. Forming, Storming, Norming and Performing - Jonathan W.

Q7. What are the reasons that make developers "Going Dark"?
A7. i) avoid criticism ii) retain authorship of new work (Paul B.)

Q8. What are the 3 principles of a healthy interaction? Which one is LEAST likely to mitigate ego programming? (Paul B.)
A8. Respect, Trust, and Humility are three foundational principles of healthy team interaction. Trust is the least likely to mitigate ego programming. (Andrew B.)

Q9. Why is team conflict good? (Andrew B.)
A9. 

Q10. At what stage of team development are teams least productive? (Andrew B.)
A10. Teams are least productive during the 'storming' stage of team development. (Andrew B.)

Q11. What are the four stages of team development? - Jonathan W.
A11. Forming, Storming, Norming and Performing - Jonathan W.



GIT / Github
-------------
Q1. What's the difference between fork and clone? - Aaron H.
A1. Fork only allows clone on the server side and clone is a copy of a repository. (Andrew L.) 

